refactor: crunchy adapted to use SocketAddr instead of IpAddr (#18)
runziggurat/crunchy: README.md

```
{
    elapsed: f64,
    nodes: [
        addr: SocketAddr,
        betweenness: f64,
        closeness: f64,
        cell_position: u32,
        cell_height: u32,
        connections: Vec<usize>,
        geolocation: Option<GeoInfo>
    ]
}
```
Explaination of the node fields:

> - `addr`: the address as dotted quad, wit port number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `addr`: the address as a dotted quad, with port number
```

Author: Corrected.
